feat(components): add part `button` in the `post-accordion-item` component (#6248)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/giant-poets-exist.md

> ---
> "@swisspost/design-system-components": minor
> ---
> 
> Added a `part="button"` attribute to `post-accordion-item` to enable custom styling of the accordion header button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"@swisspost/design-system-components": minor
"@swisspost/design-system-components-angular": minor
"@swisspost/design-system-components-react": minor
---

Added a `button` part to the `post-accordion-item` component to enable custom styling of the accordion header button.
```
